operator creates monitoring resources for ups application (#83)
aerogear/unifiedpush-operator: README.adoc

The application-monitoring stack provisioned by the
{application_monitoring_operator} on https://github.com/integr8ly[Integr8ly]
can be used to gather metrics from this operator and the UnifiedPush Server. These metrics can be used by Integr8ly's application monitoring to generate Prometheus metrics, AlertManager alerts and a dashboard in Grafana.

It is required that the https://github.com/integr8ly/grafana-operator[integr8ly/Grafana] and https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator[Prometheus] operators are installed. For further detail see https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator].

> The operator will install it's own monitoring resrouces required by Grafana and Prometheus on startup and will install the Resources required for monitoring the UnifiedPush Server on creation of the UnifiedPushServer CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator will install its own monitoring resources required by Grafana and Prometheus on startup and will install the Resources required for monitoring the UnifiedPush Server on creation of the UnifiedPushServer CR.
```
